# The Pic Analyzer

## Overview
The Pic Analyzer is a Streamlit web application that utilizes the Gemini-Pro-Vision model from Google's GenerativeAI API. This application allows users to upload an image and ask questions about it, generating responses based on the input and the content of the image.

## Getting Started
Before running the application, make sure to set up your environment variables. Create a `.env` file in the project directory and add your Google API key:

```
GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
```

Ensure you have the required dependencies installed by running:

```
pip install streamlit pillow
```

## Usage
To run the application, execute the following command in your terminal:

```
streamlit run your_app_file.py
```
Once the application is running, you can upload an image, ask a question about it, and click the "Submit" button to get a response generated by the Gemini-Pro-Vision model.

## Live Demo 
To run the application live , Click the Below link :

https://vision-query-bot.streamlit.app/

## Code Explanation
The code uses the `python-dotenv` library to load environment variables and configures the GenerativeAI API with the provided API key. It initializes the Gemini-Pro-Vision model and defines a function to get responses based on user input and uploaded images.

The Streamlit page is configured with a header and a sidebar providing information about the application. Users can upload images, ask questions, and submit to receive responses generated by the model. Customize the code and UI according to your preferences.
